Update October release notes (#1095)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr: articles/resources/relnotes.md

This release contains the following:

> - Resource estimation now emits simultaneously achievable depth and width estimates in addition to the qubit count. See [here](xref:microsoft.quantum.machines.qc-trace-simulator.intro) for details.

Author: @bettinaheim I applied your suggestion, but from what I can see, that link doesn't seem to actually discuss this feature directly? Did you mean perhaps this link instead?

```suggestion
- Resource estimation now emits simultaneously achievable depth and width estimates in addition to the qubit count. See [here](xref:microsoft.quantum.machines.resources-estimator) for details.
```

Reviewer: The best link would be to here: https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr/blob/main/articles/user-guide/machines/resources-estimator.md#metrics-reported

Author: No idea if `#` fragments work in these `xref` links, but let's give it a shot...

Author: Yes, it worked!

This release contains the following:

> - Implemented a way for resource estimation to produce simultaneously achievable depth and width estimates.

Reviewer: If I could add a link with this one:
```suggestion
- Resource estimation now emits simultaneously achievable depth and width estimates in addition to the qubit count, see [here](xref:microsoft.quantum.machines.qc-trace-simulator.intro) for detail.
```
